This is vxl/core/doc/meetings/2003-meeting-plan.txt
(http://cvs.sourceforge.net/viewcvs.py/vxl/vxl/core/doc/meetings/2003-meeting-plan.txt?view=markup).

Thanks to everyone for all the positive responses about the 2003 VXL
teleconference.  I will be away Tue. (11/4) to Thu. (11/6) of this
week with minimal e-mail, so I am attempting to put the agenda
formation process in the hands of CVS.  Please modify and commit this
file as you see fit, especially the agenda section.

The VXL developer community will have a teleconference on November 11,
2003 at 9:00 AM EST.  (Add other time zones here if you're confident
about your conversions.)  E-mail Fred Wheeler, or add a note here if
that day/time is bad for you.  We will change the plan if the
situation warrants.

What you should do:
  1. If you want to call in, make sure your name is below.
  2. Make sure the agenda has items you are interested in.

Participation
-------------

If you wish to participate in the teleconference, add your name and
e-mail address here, or e-mail Fred Wheeler (wheeler at crd.ge.com).
All this means is that you will get the call-in information.  Before
the meeting I will e-mail the teleconference call-in numbers and
access codes.  I do not want those numbers to end up on the web so I
will not send them to the mailing list.

If you want to call in just for certain items, let me know and we'll
work it out -Fred Wheeler (wheeler at crd.ge.com).

Geoff Cross (Visual Geometry Solutions), geoff at visualgeometrysolutions.com
Andrew Fitzgibbon (Oxford), awf at robots.ox.ac.uk
Brad King (Kitware), brad.king at kitware.com
Brendan McCane (Alberta), mccane at cs.ualberta.ca
Amitha Perera (GE), perera at crd.ge.com
Ian Scott (Manchester), ian.m.scott at stud.man.ac.uk
Michal Sofka (Rensselaer), sofka at cs.rpi.edu
Fred Wheeler (GE), wheeler at crd.ge.com
Gary Yang (Rensselaer), yangg2 at cs.rpi.edu

Web whiteboarding
-----------------

Amitha: if you want to go ahead with your plan for this, please add
instructions here.  Can we just go live right now to discover any
bugs/problems?

Agenda
------

I would like to help make sure this teleconference happens and is
productive, but I am hoping that others with more VXL and TargetJr
experience will step in to lead and steer the discussion where
appropriate.  My original proposed "half-baked" agenda was not meant
to be definitive.  Most of those items are copied below, but some have
lines indicating they need to be "seconded".  Remove that line the
"second" the agenda item.  Some people have e-mailed agenda items to
me.  They are added below.

*** VXL Principles - What is the VXL copyright exactly?
Are we marking files properly?  Consistently?

*** VXL Principles - Is VXL in danger of becoming like Target Jr.?
Someone has suggested a concern about bloat and feature creep.  Any real danger here?

*** Configuration - Windows DLLs
Last year Fred Wheeler tried to do this the declspec code markup way,
but abandoned the effort.  Amitha Perera has been working on this
recently with more success.
If there is anything to discuss it should take the form of a serious
proposal - IMS.

*** Configuration - Are people happy with new CMake export scheme

*** Configuration - Are people happy with new CMake configuration

*** Configuration - Is it OK to be so dependent on CMake?

*** Configuration - How do people structure their internal private code that uses VXL?
Remove this line to "second" this item if you think this is something we should discuss.

*** Language - Is anyone interested in TCL/Python bindings
Remove this line to "second" this item if you think this is something we should discuss.

*** V3P - NEW: Move netlib from LINPACK to LAPACK
Any volunteers?

*** V3P - Why VCLize V3P?  V3P packages are already portable.  Upgrades tough after we VCLize.

*** V3P - XML in v3p
GE uses Xerces XML with VXL quite a bit.
If GE has a serious proposal for this, then it is worth presenting - IMS.

*** Core - "Ownership" of core VXL libs - discussion started on list a few months ago

*** Core - vidl upgrade to vil2
Brown recently did this.  Any difficulties or open issues?

*** Core - NITF support in vil
GE is doing this now by porting Target code.
That's good, but is there any value to discussing this - IMS?

*** Contrib - Any promotion candidates
rpl/rrel might be a good candidate.
Trigger for promotion was "Multiple sites using same library"

*** Contrib - What are people working on?  Are there more opportunities to share code?
Remove this line to "second" this item if you think this is something we should discuss.

*** Communication - CVS commit mailing list painful to read
Summary to VXL maintainers after major changes better (or CHANGES.txt)
Remove this line to "second" this item if you think this is something we should discuss.

*** Communication - New release system
Brendan McCane e-mailed me about this issue, but his concern may be
settled by the fact that Ian has started the regular release process.
I don't plan to do the next release myself - IMS?

*** Communication - http://vxl.sourceforge.net/developers.html
Is it a good idea? Should we encourage all maintainers to use it. IMS.
Remove this line to second this item.

*** Communication - To Do list may invite new users to contribute
We should brainstorm some more easy and hard to-do items to add to this list.

*** Testing - Borland C++ dashboard builds (Part of the "deal" with Kitware)
We are now in the middle of the Borland port.
That's good, but is there any value to discussing this - IMS?




END
